26-08-2013
==========

installed vagrant via the website

    vagrant init precise64 http://files.vagrantup.com/precise64.box

box uname is 

    vagrant@precise64:~$ uname -a
    Linux precise64 3.2.0-23-generic #36-Ubuntu SMP Tue Apr 10 20:39:51 UTC 2012 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU/Linux

found a bootstrap script here:
    
    https://raw.github.com/hashicorp/puppet-bootstrap/master/ubuntu.sh

might be useful on first deploy on a blank box, since Vagrant handles 
bootstrapping new VMs

ruby-shadow gem is needed for setting passwords on ubuntu users

psql ident needs a user of the same name to match

should look at the locale stuff I keep seeing from psql.

27-08-2013
==========

have a look at building out these sections into modules.

madness getting apt to be in a working state before provisioning.

28-08-2013
==========

unicorn instead of passenger because of the insane build requirements
for nginx, simpler doesn't mean simpler.

git clone https://stuartc@github.com/siyelo/proxnetpro.git

trying out unicorn, made a config.ru file.

need a place to put the unicorn socket file, var/run belongs
to root. so gonna make a folder in there for unicorn
and name instances by their app name

29-08-2013
==========

trying out a unicorn module for puppet -- screw that noise. doing it myself
using foreman to generate upstart scripts for me:

    foreman export upstart --concurrency="worker=3,web=1" --app=proxnetpro --user=proxnetpro /etc/init

right now the unicorn config lives in the application
and so does the procfile... this ties the app to the environment.
this will be the case until a better solution comes along.

03-10-2013
==========

going to switch to passenger, since it's available on apt now.

    gpg --keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com --recv-keys 561F9B9CAC40B2F7
    gpg --armor --export 561F9B9CAC40B2F7 | sudo apt-key add -

    sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https # already installed

    deb https://oss-binaries.phusionpassenger.com/apt/passenger precise main

    apt get install passenger

